This repository runs the echo command to check the output of a string containing two spaces, with or without quotes.
If you have already installed the above command, run the following command to download it from the repository, then change the directory and run the echo command to run and output the code with and without quotation marks.
Enter the following command into the terminal and if command not found does not appear, it is OK.
Please install the command that shows "command not found" in the terminal using the following command.
Executing the following command in the terminal should output a string similar to the following:
Enter the following command into the terminal and if command not found does not appear, it is OK.
*MacOS uses the MacPorts package manager to manage commands. If you haven't installed it yet, please refer to the MacPorts installation instructions at the link below. Also, set an alias for the command so that you can call the command without conflicting with the existing environment. If you are using this blog for the first time, please refer to the following two articles to set up your environment.
If the command not found appears in the terminal, install it using the following command and set an alias.
Executing the following command in the terminal should output a string similar to the following:
Enter the following command into the prompt and if command not found does not appear, it's OK.
*Windows has been confirmed to work with WSL2 and MSYS2 MINGW64. Please install WSL2 if possible, and if you are unable to set it up, you can run it by installing MSYS2, but there may be some commands that can only be run in WSL2. Please refer to the following article for instructions on how to install WSL2 and MSYS2.
If the command not found appears in the prompt, please install it using the following command.
By executing the following command at the prompt, you should get the following output:
If you add " (double quotation marks), the string will be output as is, but if you do not add them, the string will be output with one space.
As shown above, ' (single quotation marks) are not expanded, so $hello is output. In the code below, the string in the variable is used as the file name. If the file name or path contains spaces, the spaces must be output accurately, so we recommend that you use " (double quotation marks) on a regular basis.
